1.2.2
解决bug：
当项目数很多后（>30），点击项目标签，一直转圈圈无法显示项目列表

1.3.0 
feature
Project level policies based on image vulnerabilities and signature to block images from being pulled.
Certificate verification of replication moved to target level.
Refined all images to improve security.

1.3.0 cr2
解决bug
bzr failed in Clair due to "permission denied
Test connection is sending wrong 

1.3.0 cr4
解决bug
Ping replication endpoint failure when there's only one saved endpoint.


1.4.0
Replication policy rework to support wildcard, scheduled replication.
Support repository level description.
Batch operation on projects/repositories/users from UI.
On board LDAP user when adding member to a project.

1.5
Support read-only mode for registry: Admin can set registry to read-only mode before GC.
Label support: User can add label to image/repository, and filter images by label on UI/API.
Show repositories via Cardview
Re-work Job service to make it HA ready.

1.6
Support manages Helm Charts: From version 1.6.0, Harbor is upgraded to be a composite cloud-native registry, which supports both image management and helm charts management.
Support LDAP group: User can import an LDAP/AD group to Harbor and assign project roles to it.
Image label filter: User can add the label to filter images on creating a replication rule.
Migrate database to Postgresql.

1.7
Support deploy Harbor with Helm Chart, enables the user to have high availability of Harbor services, refer to the Installation and Configuration Guide.
Support on-demand Garbage Collection, enables the admin to configure run docker registry garbage collection manually or automatically with a cron schedule.
Support Image Retag, enables the user to tag image to different repositories and projects, this is particularly useful in cases when images need to be retagged programmatically in a CI pipeline.
Support Image Build History, makes it easy to see the contents of a container image, refer to the User Guide.
Support Logger customization, enables the user to customize STDOUT / STDERR / FILE / DB logger of running jobs.
Improve user experience of Helm Chart Repository:
Chart searching included in the global search results
Show chart versions total number in the chart list
Mark labels to helm charts
The latest version can be downloaded as default one on the chart list view
The chart can be deleted by deleting all the versions under it
